Welcome to dismantle in this chorus I'm going to say it right away.
This module is optional.
If you already know next generation javascript so things like Aero functions let Konst and so on.
You may very volts gipped this module does modulus for you if you know javascript but haven't worked
with ESX or any ABA worship of a script then javascript as we use it in this course might sometimes
look like a new language to you because of all the next generation of features react Eppes typically
use.
Now I'm not using these next generation features because I want to show off or anything like that.
React EBS typically are built with the latest version of javascript and using the next gen features
allows us to write clean and robust re-act apps react and solve using a lot of Next Generation Chalis
good features.
Therefore it's important for you to understand all these features and not be confused by this.
Sometimes really strange looking words of javascript.
Javascript is evolving quickly and therefore new features can look different but really allow us as
a developer to do more powerful things.
This Marshallese for you I will want you frood a core features we use in this Chloris so that the code
thereafter hopefully looks a bit less strange to you.
And again feel free to skip this module if you already know it.
Feel free to always come back to it if you later in the course encounter something that looks strange
to you.